Jeremy you guys have been in the injury
position before but this is the first
game you've had without do i how do you
think the team responded um you know I
thought we played you know without his
post presence we did a lot of pick and
roll a lot of transition pick-and-rolls
a lot of spreading the offense and
there's going to be times and teams and
we're lucky that it just so happened at
matchup against the jazz to our
traditionally a more of a low-post
defensive team than they are picking
roll team so worked up Omer Asik with
the double-double seems like you just
went into last year's forum yeah what
did you think about the way he played
I'm happy for him I'm so happy for him
cuz uh um you know he's he's had a
diminished role this year and so for him
to go out there and do what he did
tonight you know I can get like five six
open dunks you know stuff that he was
getting last year it was good to see you
tonight an example of what you guys can
do when the ball movement is there so
many guys scoring in different ways yeah
i mean i don't know how many guys had in
double figures but i'm guessing a lot
and i think we probably had it i
actually don't know this but we probably
had a highest this game as well so you
know I thought we did a good job of
moving the ball I think we also did a
good job defensively in the first second
and fourth quarter coach said he felt
pats at a real good tempo for tonight
you got a long run after you replaced
and I think you kept that energy bye
yeah he did a great job pat um you know
I think the thing that stuck out the
most to me really was just he was
getting ever defensive rebound to start
the game and we talked about how that's
been a problem for us is our guard
rebounding and he did a great job and
then that freed him up freed everybody
else up and started started ignited our
break
yeah I was important I mean I don't want
to set a precedent that we should be
doing shoot arounds on back end and back
to backs but you know we'll see if that
continues